Update how-to-write-secure-ballerina-code (#1362)
ballerina-platform/ballerina-www: website/two-column-pages/docs/learn/how-to-write-secure-ballerina-code.md

* Unvalidated Redirect (Open Redirect)

### Ensuring security of Ballerina standard libraries

> Security sensitive functions and actions of Ballerina standard libraries are decorated with  `@sensitive` parameter annotation that denotes untrusted data (tainted data) should not be passed to the parameter. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Security-sensitive functions and actions of Ballerina standard libraries are decorated with the `@sensitive` parameter annotation. This denotes untrusted (tainted) data that should not be passed to the parameter. 
```

> Security-sensitive functions and actions of Ballerina standard libraries are decorated with the `@sensitive` parameter annotation. This denotes that untrusted (tainted) data should not be passed to the parameter. 

Reviewer 2: Isn't it better to say `annotated` instead of `decorated`?

Author: Did not change the original wording, which I believe was maybe to distinguish between annotation and using the annotation.

Reviewer: Let's say "Security-sensitive functions and actions of Ballerina standard libraries are annotated with the `@sensitive` parameter."

> For example, the `sqlQuery` parameter of `ballerina/sql`, `select` remote function.

Reviewer: The meaning of this is not clear.

```ballerina
public remote function select(@sensitive string sqlQuery, typedesc? recordType, 
                              boolean loadToMemory = false, Param... parameters) 
                      returns @tainted table<record {}>|error;
```

> Consider the following example that constructs an SQL query with a tainted argument:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following example constructs an SQL query with a tainted argument:
```

                        paramId);
```

> Please note that it is required to import the `ballerina/sql` module to use `sql:Parameter`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You need to import the `ballerina/sql` module to use the `sql:Parameter`.
```

Author: I don't think we've used "You" in general in this document, and this change might not fit in with the flow? WDYT?

Also `sql:Parameter` is a type defined in the `sql` module, so I don't think we need "the" here?

Author: ```suggestion
Please note that it is required to import the `ballerina/sql` module to use the `sql:Parameter` type.
```

Reviewer: +1 for the last suggestion.

> Command-line arguments to Ballerina programs and inputs received through service resources are considered tainted. Additionally, return values of certain functions and actions are marked with the `@tainted` annotation to denote that the resulting value should be considered as untrusted data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Command-line arguments that are inserted into Ballerina programs and inputs received through service resources are considered tainted. Additionally, return values of certain functions and actions are marked with the `@tainted` annotation to denote that the resulting value should be considered as untrusted data.
```

Author: IMO, "into" seems incorrect here.

How about 

```suggestion
Command-line arguments passed to Ballerina programs and inputs received through service resources are considered tainted. Additionally, return values of certain functions and actions are marked with the `@tainted` annotation to denote that the resulting value should be considered as untrusted data.
```

Reviewer: +1 to use "pass arguments to Ballerina programs".

> Command-line arguments passed to Ballerina programs and inputs received through service resources are considered tainted. Additionally, return values of certain functions and actions are marked with the `@tainted` annotation to denote that the resulting value should be considered as untrusted data.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Command-line arguments which are passed into Ballerina programs and inputs received through service resources are considered tainted. Additionally, return values of certain functions and actions are marked with the `@tainted` annotation to denote that the resulting value should be considered as untrusted data.
```

Author: Similar to https://github.com/ballerina-platform/ballerina-www/pull/1362#discussion_r253851248. Not sure "into" is the correct term here.

Even the spec says regarding main arguments, "When a Ballerina program is executed, the arguments **to** main come from the command line made available by the operating system.".

Reviewer 2: I think you are right. Arguments are **passed to Ballerina programs** and then those get **passed into main function** as parameters.

Reviewer: +1 to use "to" here.

> For example, the `select` remote function of the SQL client connector highlighted above returns a `@tainted table<record {}>`, which means any value read from a database is considered untrusted.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, the `select` remote function of the SQL client connector highlighted above returns a `@tainted table<record {}>`. This means that any value read from a database is considered as untrusted.
```

> If the return was not explicitly annotated, Ballerina will infer the tainted status of the return by analyzing how the tainted status of parameters affect the tainted status of the return.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the return value is not explicitly annotated, Ballerina will infer the tainted status of the return value. This is done by analyzing how the tainted status of parameters affect the same of the return value.
```

### Securely using tainted data with security sensitive parameters

> There can be certain situations where a tainted value must be passed into a security sensitive parameter. In such situations, it is essential to do proper data validation or data sanitization to make sure input does not result in a security threat. Once proper controls are in place, the `untaint` unary expression can be used to denote that the value is trusted:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There can be certain situations where a tainted value must be passed into a security-sensitive parameter. In such situations, it is essential to do a proper data validation or sanitization to make sure input does not result in a security threat. Once proper controls are in place, the `untaint` unary expression can be used to denote that the value is trusted:
```

Author: Do we need to add the "a" here? Validation and sanitization could be of multiple forms.

Reviewer: +1 to say "In such situations, it is essential to do a proper data validation or data sanitization to make sure that the input does not result in a security threat."

Need the "a" for grammatical accuracy.

// ...
```

> Additionally, return values can be annotated with `@untainted` to denote that the return value should be trusted (even if the return value is derived from tainted data):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Additionally, return values can be annotated as `@untainted`. This denotes that the return value should be trusted (even if the return value is derived from tainted data):
```

```ballerina
// Execute the select query using the untrusted (tainted) student ID
function sanitizeSortColumn (string columnName) returns @untainted string {
   string sanitizedSortColumn = columnName;

>    // Insert sanitization logic to ensure the return value is safe

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   // Insert sanitization logic to ensure that the return value is safe.
```

   return sanitizedSortColumn;
}
// ...
```

## Securing Passwords and Secrets

> Ballerina provides an API to access configuration values from different sources. Please refer the [Config](https://ballerina.io/learn/by-example/config-api.html) Ballerina by Example for details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Ballerina provides an API to access configuration values from different sources. For more information, see [Ballerina by Example Config](https://ballerina.io/learn/by-example/config-api.html).
```

Author: IMO, "Ballerina by Example Config" doesn't read right. Any particular reason to use see instead of refer?

Reviewer: +1 to say '... For more information, see [Config](https://ballerina.io/learn/by-example/config-api.html).

Using "For more information, see..." is the standard term mentioned in the Microsoft Style Guide to link to other sources.

> Ballerina provides an API to access configuration values from different sources. Please refer the [Config](https://ballerina.io/learn/by-example/config-api.html) Ballerina by Example for details.

Reviewer 2: Maybe we can use -

```suggestion
Ballerina provides an API to access configuration values from different sources. Please refer the [Config Ballerina by Example](https://ballerina.io/learn/by-example/config-api.html) for more details.
```

Author: I don't think we need "more" here since there's nothing else about it here. Will change to 
```suggestion
Ballerina provides an API to access configuration values from different sources. Please refer the [Config Ballerina by Example](https://ballerina.io/learn/by-example/config-api.html) for details.
```

### JWT Based Authentication

> The security checks enforced by the `http:Listener` can be configured using `http:AuthProvider`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The security checks enforced by the `http:Listener` can be configured using the `http:AuthProvider`.
```

Author: `http:AuthProvider` is a field in the service annotation. IMO, saying "the `http:AuthProvider`" is not accurate here, WDYT?

Reviewer: +1 to say "The security checks enforced by the `http:Listener` can be configured using the `http:AuthProvider` values."

### JWT Based Authorization

> Ballerina uses scope based authorization. The JWT can include scopes available for the user. The scopes can then be validated in the Ballerina service. For example, the following service will only allow invocations, if the "hello" scope is available for the user.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Ballerina uses scope-based authorization. The JWT can include scopes that are available for the user. The scopes can then be validated in the Ballerina service. For example, the following service will only allow invocations, if the "hello" scope is available for the user.
```

< HTTP/1.1 403 Forbidden
< content-type: text/plain
<
Authorization failure
```

> A request with a correct scope attribute included will result in a successful invocation. An example of a JWT that has the correct scope attribute is as follows.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A request with a correct 'scope' attribute will result in a successful invocation. An example of a JWT that has the correct scope attribute is as follows.
```

### Basic Authentication and Authorization

> Ballerina supports Basic Authentication for services. The `scheme` field of `http:AuthProvider` should be set to basic in order to enforce Basic Authentication. Since user information is provided using a configuration file, `authStoreProvider` should be set to `config`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Ballerina supports Basic Authentication for services. The `scheme` field of the `http:AuthProvider` should be set to 'basic' in order to enforce Basic Authentication. Since user information is provided using a configuration file, `authStoreProvider` should be set to `config`.
```

Author: Same as above for "the".

Reviewer: "a" is required as the `authProvider` is a noun.
